Mr. Gao, you can't fire me
Our company doesn't need employees like you.
Get out of here
Mr. Gao Gao, I have been in the company for 6 years
I'm also for work
Mr. Gao, how about you?
High total high total
Why are you bringing food to my wife here?
Shut up, who admitted that you two are husband and wife?
We weak men are a good match with 0
That scumbag hasn't given up yet
0 slag yesterday Lin Shao
And you gave us a $500 million project?
It also pointed out that we weak men are directors
You've been tired all your life.
Bang bang that project
Not Black Panther
Xing Tianbao still doesn't believe him
Hello Lin Shao
Yesterday's profitable project
It was specially given to Ruonan, right?
Well, it's from me.
It's okay, Mr. Lin
Hey, you two are so shameless
Hear no trash
Stop pestering us Nan Nan and get out of here
Mom, don't do this
Nan Nan quickly dumped this parasite
Mom is at the company
Pay attention to the image
You still protect him
Mr. Lin will come in a while, you don't want to work as this director anymore
Mom, what's wrong with you?
If it weren't for Lin Shao coming forward and smashing 500 million
You can still stay in the company
Quickly divorce him today
Otherwise, don't do it if you are sensible
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
He can't touch you
Hey, Mr. Lin
Why are you a courier here?
Somebody kick him out
Don't dirty my air